README.md, before:

# WhiteLabel UI Library

A Storybook component library with a role-based theming system. Components use theme manifests that compile to CSS variables, enabling rapid brand customization through configuration rather than code changes.

## Project Structure

```
/
├── packages/
│   └── components-react/  # React component library
│       ├── *.jsx          # Component implementations
│       ├── *.css          # Component styles
│       ├── *.stories.jsx  # Storybook stories
│       ├── index.js       # Component exports
│       └── AGENTS.md      # Component development rules
├── stories/               # Additional Storybook example stories
│   └── assets/           # Story assets (images, SVGs)
├── themes/               # Brand-specific theme manifests
│   ├── default/          # Default theme
│   │   ├── theme.manifest.json
│   │   └── dist/
│   │       └── theme.css
│   └── 7up/              # 7up brand theme
│       ├── theme.manifest.json
│       └── dist/
│           └── theme.css
├── scripts/
│   └── compile-theme.js  # Theme compilation script
├── .storybook/           # Storybook configuration
│   ├── main.js           # Storybook config
│   ├── preview.jsx       # Storybook preview setup
│   └── vitest.setup.js   # Vitest test setup
├── templates/            # Template files
├── PRD.md                # Product Requirements Document
└── AGENTS.md             # Agent specifications for theming system
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm or yarn

### Installation

```bash
npm install --ignore-scripts
```

**Note:** If you encounter esbuild permission errors on Windows, use `--ignore-scripts` flag. You may need to manually unblock the esbuild executable in Windows (right-click → Properties → Unblock).

### Development

Start Storybook (automatically compiles themes):

```bash
npm run storybook
```

Storybook will open at `http://localhost:6006`

### Available Scripts

- `npm run build` - Build the component library for production (creates `dist/` folder)
- `npm run prepublishOnly` - Automatically runs build before publishing
- `npm run storybook` - Start Storybook dev server (compiles themes automatically)
- `npm run build-storybook` - Build static Storybook site (compiles themes automatically)
- `npm run compile-themes` - Compile all theme manifests to CSS

### Publishing to npm

Follow this flow when you want to release a new version to GitHub Packages:

1. Ensure your git worktree is clean: `git status`
2. Bump the version and generate a tag: `npm version patch` (or `minor`/`major`)
3. (Optional) Refresh dependencies: `npm install --ignore-scripts`
4. Compile themes so `themes/*/dist/theme.css` are current: `npm run compile-themes`
5. Build the library: `npm run build`
6. Publish: `npm publish` (your `.npmrc` already points `@dejstdm` to GitHub Packages)
7. Push commit and tag: `git push && git push --tags` (first push: `git push --set-upstream origin main && git push --tags`)

## Using the Package in Your Project

### Installation

Install the package from GitHub Packages:

```bash
npm install @dejstdm/white-label-ui
```

### Peer Dependencies

This package requires the following peer dependencies:

```bash
npm install react react-dom swiper
```

**Note:** `swiper` is required if you're using slider components (`ProductSlider`, `RecipeSlider`, `ImageSection`).

### Importing Components

Import components from the package:

```javascript
import { NavBar, Hero, Footer, TextSection, ImageSection, ProductSlider, RecipeSlider, FAQ, SocialMediaFeed } from '@dejstdm/white-label-ui';
```

You can import individual components for better tree-shaking:

```javascript
import { NavBar } from '@dejstdm/white-label-ui';
import { Hero } from '@dejstdm/white-label-ui';
```

**Note:** Only standalone page-level components are exported. Internal building blocks like `Container`, `Button`, `Heading`, and `Text` are not exported as they are used internally by the exported components.

### Importing Styles

**Required:** Import the component styles CSS file in your application. The **default theme is automatically included** and works out of the box:

```javascript
// In your main app file (e.g., app/layout.tsx for Next.js, or index.js for Create React App)
import '@dejstdm/white-label-ui/dist/style.css';
```

**That's it!** Components will work immediately with the default theme. No additional setup needed.

### Using Other Themes

If you want to use a different theme (e.g., `7up`), import the theme CSS and apply it using the `data-theme` attribute:

```javascript
// Import the theme CSS
import '@dejstdm/white-label-ui/themes/7up/dist/theme.css';

// Apply the theme to your app
export default function RootLayout({ children }) {
  return (
    <html data-theme="7up">
      <body>{children}</body>
    </html>
  );
}
```

**Available themes:**
- `default` - Automatically included, no import needed
- `7up` - Import from `@dejstdm/white-label-ui/themes/7up/dist/theme.css`
- `lays` - Import from `@dejstdm/white-label-ui/themes/lays/dist/theme.css`

### Brand Logos

- `NavBar` and `Footer` accept an optional `brand` prop (defaults to `default`) that selects the right logo without having to pass image URLs.
- The `BrandLogo` helper resolves the same assets and can be used anywhere you need to render a theme-specific mark.
- Logo assets live under `packages/components-react/assets/` to keep stories and runtime imports aligned with the published package.

### Swiper CSS (Required for Slider Components)

If you're using slider components (`ProductSlider`, `RecipeSlider`, `ImageSection`), you also need to import Swiper CSS:

```javascript
import 'swiper/css';
import 'swiper/css/navigation';  // For navigation arrows
import 'swiper/css/pagination';  // For pagination dots (used in RecipeSlider)
```

### Complete Usage Example

**Basic usage (default theme):**

```javascript
// app/layout.tsx (Next.js App Router)
import '@dejstdm/white-label-ui/dist/style.css';

export default function RootLayout({ children }) {
  return (
    <html>
      <body>{children}</body>
    </html>
  );
}

// app/page.tsx
import { Hero, NavBar, TextSection } from '@dejstdm/white-label-ui';
import 'swiper/css';  // If using slider components
import 'swiper/css/navigation';

export default function HomePage() {
  // Navigation items array
  const navItems = [
    { label: 'Home', href: '/', active: true },
    { label: 'Products', href: '/products' },
    { label: 'About', href: '/about' },
    { label: 'Contact', href: '/contact' },
  ];

  return (
    <>
      {/* NavBar - sticky navigation with items */}
      <NavBar 
        items={navItems}
        sticky={true}
      />
      
      {/* Hero section - each component manages its own Container internally */}
      <Hero 
        backgroundImage="/path/to/hero-image.jpg"
        subheadline="<p>Welcome to our site</p>"
        headline="Amazing Products for Everyone"
        body="<p>Discover our collection of high-quality products designed to make your life better.</p>"
        buttonLabel="Shop Now"
        buttonHref="/products"
      />
      
      {/* TextSection - also has Container built-in, no need to wrap */}
      <TextSection 
        headline="About Us"
        content="<p>We are a company dedicated to excellence...</p>"
      />
    </>
  );
}
```

**Using a different theme:**

```javascript
// app/layout.tsx
import '@dejstdm/white-label-ui/dist/style.css';
import '@dejstdm/white-label-ui/themes/7up/dist/theme.css';

export default function RootLayout({ children }) {
  return (
    <html data-theme="7up">
      <body>{children}</body>
    </html>
  );
}
```

### Builder.io Integration

This package is designed to work with Builder.io and other visual page builders. Components are pre-built and ready to use:

1. Install the package and peer dependencies
2. Import the CSS file in your application root (e.g., `app/layout.tsx`)
3. Import components in your Builder.io component registry
4. Components will work out of the box with the default theme

**No additional theme setup required** - the default theme is automatically included and applied at the root level.

### Builder.io Fusion Integration

This package includes metadata files for Builder.io Fusion, enabling AI-powered page generation using your components.

#### Setup

1. **Install the package:**
```bash
npm install @dejstdm/white-label-ui
```

2. **Create `fusion.config.ts` in your project root** (not in the package, in your consuming project):
```typescript
import { defineAgent } from '@builder.io/fusion';

export default defineAgent({
  name: 'white-label-ui-agent',
  designSystem: {
    path: './node_modules/@dejstdm/white-label-ui',
    components: './node_modules/@dejstdm/white-label-ui/dist',
    metadata: './node_modules/@dejstdm/white-label-ui/meta/*.meta.ts',
  },
  constraints: { 
    maxDepth: 6, 
    allowedCategories: ['layout', 'display', 'navigation'],
    disallowRawHtml: true 
  },
  guidance: {
    brandVoice: 'clean, modern, minimal',
    layoutGoals: ['balanced whitespace', 'clear hierarchy'],
    a11yGoals: ['focus-visible', 'sufficient contrast', 'semantic headings']
  }
});
```

3. **Import CSS in your app root:**
```javascript
// app/layout.tsx (Next.js)
import '@dejstdm/white-label-ui/dist/style.css';
import 'swiper/css';  // If using slider components
import 'swiper/css/navigation';
import 'swiper/css/pagination';
```

4. **Register components in Builder.io:**
```javascript
// Register components with Builder.io
import { 
  NavBar, Hero, Footer, TextSection, ImageSection,
  ProductSlider, RecipeSlider, FAQ, SocialMediaFeed 
} from '@dejstdm/white-label-ui';

// Add to Builder.io component registry
Builder.registerComponent(NavBar, { name: 'NavBar', ... });
// ... register other components
```

#### Component Categories

- **Navigation**: `NavBar`, `Footer`
- **Layout**: `Hero`
- **Display**: `TextSection`, `ImageSection`, `ProductSlider`, `RecipeSlider`, `FAQ`, `SocialMediaFeed`

#### Metadata Maintenance

**Important:** When creating new components or updating existing component props:

1. **Create/Update metadata file**: Create a new `*.meta.ts` file in the `meta/` directory (or update existing one)
2. **Match PropTypes**: Ensure metadata props match component PropTypes exactly
3. **Update exports**: Add component to `packages/components-react/index.js` exports
4. **Rebuild**: Run `npm run build` to include changes
5. **Test**: Verify metadata loads correctly in Fusion

Metadata files use the Builder.io Fusion `defineComponentMeta` format and must be kept in sync with component PropTypes.

## Components

The following components are available in the library. All components are standalone page-level components that manage their own internal layout and styling:

### Navigation & Layout
- **NavBar** - Navigation bar component with sticky option, menu items, and mobile-responsive burger menu
- **Footer** - Footer component with logo, links, and content sections
- **BrandLogo** - Theme-aware brand mark helper that resolves the correct logo asset based on `brand` or `data-theme`

### Hero Section
- **Hero** - Full-width hero section with background image, headline, body content, and optional button

### Content Sections
- **TextSection** - Text content section with headline and WYSIWYG content
- **ImageSection** - Image gallery section with optional slider/carousel functionality

### Feature Components
- **ProductSlider** - Product carousel/slider with navigation controls
- **RecipeSlider** - Recipe carousel/slider with navigation and pagination
- **FAQ** - FAQ accordion component with expandable questions/answers
- **SocialMediaFeed** - Social media feed component

### Internal Components (Not Exported)

The following components are used internally and are not part of the public API:
- **Container** - Layout container (used internally by all section components)
- **Heading** - Typography heading (used internally by Hero and sections)
- **Text** - Typography text component (internal primitive)
- **Button** - Button component (used internally by Hero, sliders, and social feed)
- **WysiwygContent** - WYSIWYG content renderer (used internally for CMS content)
- **SectionHeader** - Section header component (used internally by section components)

All components include Storybook stories. Source files are in `packages/components-react/`.

## Theming System

The theming system uses role-based design tokens stored in `theme.manifest.json` files that compile to CSS variables.

### Theme Structure

Each theme in `/themes/<brand>/` contains:
- `theme.manifest.json` - Theme configuration (colors, typography, spacing, etc.)
- `dist/theme.css` - Compiled CSS variables (generated)

### Theme Manifest

The manifest includes:
- **Meta**: Brand name, version, schema version
- **Palette**: Brand colors, backgrounds, text colors, semantic colors
- Background roles accept either a string (solid color or gradient) or an object with `fill` (gradient/string) and `fallback` (solid color used for contrast + legacy support). The compiler emits `--color-bg-*-fallback` only when a fallback is provided.
- Example:
  ```json
  "palette": {
    "bg": {
      "hero": {
        "fill": "linear-gradient(135deg, #102542 0%, #2B748E 100%)",
        "fallback": "#1E4865"
      }
    }
  }
  ```
- **Typography**: Font families and scales (display, h1-h6, body, label, small)
- **Spacing**: Spacing scale array
- **Radii**: Border radius values
- **Shadows**: Box shadow definitions
- **Grid**: Grid system configuration
- **VariantsAndHooks**: Component variant definitions (optional)

### CSS Variables

Themes compile to CSS variables scoped to `[data-theme="brand-x"]` selectors:
- Colors: `--color-brand-*`, `--color-bg-*`, `--color-text-*`
- Typography: `--font-*`, `--type-*-*`
- Spacing: `--space-*`
- Radii: `--radius-*`
- Shadows: `--shadow-*`
- Grid: `--grid-*`, `--container-*`

### Available Themes

- **default** - Baseline design system foundation
- **7up** - 7up brand theme

### Theme Compilation

Themes are automatically compiled when running Storybook or build commands. The compilation script:
1. Validates theme manifests
2. Generates CSS variables from manifest data
3. Outputs `theme.css` to `dist/` directory
4. Validates component variants and hooks (if defined)

## Testing

The project uses Vitest for testing. Test configuration is in `vitest.config.js` and setup in `.storybook/vitest.setup.js`.

## Documentation

- **Product Requirements**: `PRD.md` - Product requirements document
- **Agent Specifications**: `AGENTS.md` - Automated agent specifications for theming workflow
- **Component Development Rules**: `packages/components-react/AGENTS.md` - Rules for component development (BEM, mobile-first, etc.)

## Component Development

Component development follows specific rules documented in `packages/components-react/AGENTS.md`, including:
- BEM methodology for CSS class naming
- Mobile-first responsive design
- Container usage patterns
- CMS content handling
- HTML tag styling rules

## Storybook Addons

- `@storybook/addon-docs` - Documentation
- `@storybook/addon-a11y` - Accessibility testing
- `@chromatic-com/storybook` - Visual testing
- `@storybook/addon-vitest` - Vitest integration

Commit message:

wire NavBar/Footer to theme-specific default logos and remove BrandLogo helper

README.md, after:

# WhiteLabel UI Library

A Storybook component library with a role-based theming system. Components use theme manifests that compile to CSS variables, enabling rapid brand customization through configuration rather than code changes.

## Project Structure

```
/
├── packages/
│   └── components-react/  # React component library
│       ├── *.jsx          # Component implementations
│       ├── *.css          # Component styles
│       ├── *.stories.jsx  # Storybook stories
│       ├── index.js       # Component exports
│       └── AGENTS.md      # Component development rules
├── stories/               # Additional Storybook example stories
│   └── assets/           # Story assets (images, SVGs)
├── themes/               # Brand-specific theme manifests
│   ├── default/          # Default theme
│   │   ├── theme.manifest.json
│   │   └── dist/
│   │       └── theme.css
│   └── 7up/              # 7up brand theme
│       ├── theme.manifest.json
│       └── dist/
│           └── theme.css
├── scripts/
│   └── compile-theme.js  # Theme compilation script
├── .storybook/           # Storybook configuration
│   ├── main.js           # Storybook config
│   ├── preview.jsx       # Storybook preview setup
│   └── vitest.setup.js   # Vitest test setup
├── templates/            # Template files
├── PRD.md                # Product Requirements Document
└── AGENTS.md             # Agent specifications for theming system
```

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js 18+
- npm or yarn

### Installation

```bash
npm install --ignore-scripts
```

**Note:** If you encounter esbuild permission errors on Windows, use `--ignore-scripts` flag. You may need to manually unblock the esbuild executable in Windows (right-click → Properties → Unblock).

### Development

Start Storybook (automatically compiles themes):

```bash
npm run storybook
```

Storybook will open at `http://localhost:6006`

### Available Scripts

- `npm run build` - Build the component library for production (creates `dist/` folder)
- `npm run prepublishOnly` - Automatically runs build before publishing
- `npm run storybook` - Start Storybook dev server (compiles themes automatically)
- `npm run build-storybook` - Build static Storybook site (compiles themes automatically)
- `npm run compile-themes` - Compile all theme manifests to CSS

### Publishing to npm

Follow this flow when you want to release a new version to GitHub Packages:

1. Ensure your git worktree is clean: `git status`
2. Bump the version and generate a tag: `npm version patch` (or `minor`/`major`)
3. (Optional) Refresh dependencies: `npm install --ignore-scripts`
4. Compile themes so `themes/*/dist/theme.css` are current: `npm run compile-themes`
5. Build the library: `npm run build`
6. Publish: `npm publish` (your `.npmrc` already points `@dejstdm` to GitHub Packages)
7. Push commit and tag: `git push && git push --tags` (first push: `git push --set-upstream origin main && git push --tags`)

## Using the Package in Your Project

### Installation

Install the package from GitHub Packages:

```bash
npm install @dejstdm/white-label-ui
```

### Peer Dependencies

This package requires the following peer dependencies:

```bash
npm install react react-dom swiper
```

**Note:** `swiper` is required if you're using slider components (`ProductSlider`, `RecipeSlider`, `ImageSection`).

### Importing Components

Import components from the package:

```javascript
import { NavBar, Hero, Footer, TextSection, ImageSection, ProductSlider, RecipeSlider, FAQ, SocialMediaFeed } from '@dejstdm/white-label-ui';
```

You can import individual components for better tree-shaking:

```javascript
import { NavBar } from '@dejstdm/white-label-ui';
import { Hero } from '@dejstdm/white-label-ui';
```

**Note:** Only standalone page-level components are exported. Internal building blocks like `Container`, `Button`, `Heading`, and `Text` are not exported as they are used internally by the exported components.

### Importing Styles

**Required:** Import the component styles CSS file in your application. The **default theme is automatically included** and works out of the box:

```javascript
// In your main app file (e.g., app/layout.tsx for Next.js, or index.js for Create React App)
import '@dejstdm/white-label-ui/dist/style.css';
```

**That's it!** Components will work immediately with the default theme. No additional setup needed.

### Using Other Themes

If you want to use a different theme (e.g., `7up`), import the theme CSS and apply it using the `data-theme` attribute:

```javascript
// Import the theme CSS
import '@dejstdm/white-label-ui/themes/7up/dist/theme.css';

// Apply the theme to your app
export default function RootLayout({ children }) {
  return (
    <html data-theme="7up">
      <body>{children}</body>
    </html>
  );
}
```

**Available themes:**
- `default` - Automatically included, no import needed
- `7up` - Import from `@dejstdm/white-label-ui/themes/7up/dist/theme.css`
- `lays` - Import from `@dejstdm/white-label-ui/themes/lays/dist/theme.css`

### Brand Logos

- `NavBar` and `Footer` expose simple `logoSrc` and `logoAlt` props for dropping in any brand mark.
- Provide whatever image URL your integration needs; the components render it inside `.navbar__logo` and `.footer__logo` using a native `<img>` tag.
- Skip `logoSrc` to fall back to the packaged theme logos: PepsiCo Labs for the `default` theme, 7UP for the `7up` theme, and Lay's for the `lays` theme (extendable via the optional `brand` prop).

### Swiper CSS (Required for Slider Components)

If you're using slider components (`ProductSlider`, `RecipeSlider`, `ImageSection`), you also need to import Swiper CSS:

```javascript
import 'swiper/css';
import 'swiper/css/navigation';  // For navigation arrows
import 'swiper/css/pagination';  // For pagination dots (used in RecipeSlider)
```

### Complete Usage Example

**Basic usage (default theme):**

```javascript
// app/layout.tsx (Next.js App Router)
import '@dejstdm/white-label-ui/dist/style.css';

export default function RootLayout({ children }) {
  return (
    <html>
      <body>{children}</body>
    </html>
  );
}

// app/page.tsx
import { Hero, NavBar, TextSection } from '@dejstdm/white-label-ui';
import 'swiper/css';  // If using slider components
import 'swiper/css/navigation';

export default function HomePage() {
  // Navigation items array
  const navItems = [
    { label: 'Home', href: '/', active: true },
    { label: 'Products', href: '/products' },
    { label: 'About', href: '/about' },
    { label: 'Contact', href: '/contact' },
  ];

  return (
    <>
      {/* NavBar - sticky navigation with items */}
      <NavBar 
        items={navItems}
        sticky={true}
      />
      
      {/* Hero section - each component manages its own Container internally */}
      <Hero 
        backgroundImage="/path/to/hero-image.jpg"
        subheadline="<p>Welcome to our site</p>"
        headline="Amazing Products for Everyone"
        body="<p>Discover our collection of high-quality products designed to make your life better.</p>"
        buttonLabel="Shop Now"
        buttonHref="/products"
      />
      
      {/* TextSection - also has Container built-in, no need to wrap */}
      <TextSection 
        headline="About Us"
        content="<p>We are a company dedicated to excellence...</p>"
      />
    </>
  );
}
```

**Using a different theme:**

```javascript
// app/layout.tsx
import '@dejstdm/white-label-ui/dist/style.css';
import '@dejstdm/white-label-ui/themes/7up/dist/theme.css';

export default function RootLayout({ children }) {
  return (
    <html data-theme="7up">
      <body>{children}</body>
    </html>
  );
}
```

### Builder.io Integration

This package is designed to work with Builder.io and other visual page builders. Components are pre-built and ready to use:

1. Install the package and peer dependencies
2. Import the CSS file in your application root (e.g., `app/layout.tsx`)
3. Import components in your Builder.io component registry
4. Components will work out of the box with the default theme

**No additional theme setup required** - the default theme is automatically included and applied at the root level.

### Builder.io Fusion Integration

This package includes metadata files for Builder.io Fusion, enabling AI-powered page generation using your components.

#### Setup

1. **Install the package:**
```bash
npm install @dejstdm/white-label-ui
```

2. **Create `fusion.config.ts` in your project root** (not in the package, in your consuming project):
```typescript
import { defineAgent } from '@builder.io/fusion';

export default defineAgent({
  name: 'white-label-ui-agent',
  designSystem: {
    path: './node_modules/@dejstdm/white-label-ui',
    components: './node_modules/@dejstdm/white-label-ui/dist',
    metadata: './node_modules/@dejstdm/white-label-ui/meta/*.meta.ts',
  },
  constraints: { 
    maxDepth: 6, 
    allowedCategories: ['layout', 'display', 'navigation'],
    disallowRawHtml: true 
  },
  guidance: {
    brandVoice: 'clean, modern, minimal',
    layoutGoals: ['balanced whitespace', 'clear hierarchy'],
    a11yGoals: ['focus-visible', 'sufficient contrast', 'semantic headings']
  }
});
```

3. **Import CSS in your app root:**
```javascript
// app/layout.tsx (Next.js)
import '@dejstdm/white-label-ui/dist/style.css';
import 'swiper/css';  // If using slider components
import 'swiper/css/navigation';
import 'swiper/css/pagination';
```

4. **Register components in Builder.io:**
```javascript
// Register components with Builder.io
import { 
  NavBar, Hero, Footer, TextSection, ImageSection,
  ProductSlider, RecipeSlider, FAQ, SocialMediaFeed 
} from '@dejstdm/white-label-ui';

// Add to Builder.io component registry
Builder.registerComponent(NavBar, { name: 'NavBar', ... });
// ... register other components
```

#### Component Categories

- **Navigation**: `NavBar`, `Footer`
- **Layout**: `Hero`
- **Display**: `TextSection`, `ImageSection`, `ProductSlider`, `RecipeSlider`, `FAQ`, `SocialMediaFeed`

#### Metadata Maintenance

**Important:** When creating new components or updating existing component props:

1. **Create/Update metadata file**: Create a new `*.meta.ts` file in the `meta/` directory (or update existing one)
2. **Match PropTypes**: Ensure metadata props match component PropTypes exactly
3. **Update exports**: Add component to `packages/components-react/index.js` exports
4. **Rebuild**: Run `npm run build` to include changes
5. **Test**: Verify metadata loads correctly in Fusion

Metadata files use the Builder.io Fusion `defineComponentMeta` format and must be kept in sync with component PropTypes.

## Components

The following components are available in the library. All components are standalone page-level components that manage their own internal layout and styling:

### Navigation & Layout
- **NavBar** - Navigation bar component with sticky option, menu items, and mobile-responsive burger menu
- **Footer** - Footer component with logo, links, and content sections

### Hero Section
- **Hero** - Full-width hero section with background image, headline, body content, and optional button

### Content Sections
- **TextSection** - Text content section with headline and WYSIWYG content
- **ImageSection** - Image gallery section with optional slider/carousel functionality

### Feature Components
- **ProductSlider** - Product carousel/slider with navigation controls
- **RecipeSlider** - Recipe carousel/slider with navigation and pagination
- **FAQ** - FAQ accordion component with expandable questions/answers
- **SocialMediaFeed** - Social media feed component

### Internal Components (Not Exported)

The following components are used internally and are not part of the public API:
- **Container** - Layout container (used internally by all section components)
- **Heading** - Typography heading (used internally by Hero and sections)
- **Text** - Typography text component (internal primitive)
- **Button** - Button component (used internally by Hero, sliders, and social feed)
- **WysiwygContent** - WYSIWYG content renderer (used internally for CMS content)
- **SectionHeader** - Section header component (used internally by section components)

All components include Storybook stories. Source files are in `packages/components-react/`.

## Theming System

The theming system uses role-based design tokens stored in `theme.manifest.json` files that compile to CSS variables.

### Theme Structure

Each theme in `/themes/<brand>/` contains:
- `theme.manifest.json` - Theme configuration (colors, typography, spacing, etc.)
- `dist/theme.css` - Compiled CSS variables (generated)

### Theme Manifest

The manifest includes:
- **Meta**: Brand name, version, schema version
- **Palette**: Brand colors, backgrounds, text colors, semantic colors
- Background roles accept either a string (solid color or gradient) or an object with `fill` (gradient/string) and `fallback` (solid color used for contrast + legacy support). The compiler emits `--color-bg-*-fallback` only when a fallback is provided.
- Example:
  ```json
  "palette": {
    "bg": {
      "hero": {
        "fill": "linear-gradient(135deg, #102542 0%, #2B748E 100%)",
        "fallback": "#1E4865"
      }
    }
  }
  ```
- **Typography**: Font families and scales (display, h1-h6, body, label, small)
- **Spacing**: Spacing scale array
- **Radii**: Border radius values
- **Shadows**: Box shadow definitions
- **Grid**: Grid system configuration
- **VariantsAndHooks**: Component variant definitions (optional)

### CSS Variables

Themes compile to CSS variables scoped to `[data-theme="brand-x"]` selectors:
- Colors: `--color-brand-*`, `--color-bg-*`, `--color-text-*`
- Typography: `--font-*`, `--type-*-*`
- Spacing: `--space-*`
- Radii: `--radius-*`
- Shadows: `--shadow-*`
- Grid: `--grid-*`, `--container-*`

### Available Themes

- **default** - Baseline design system foundation
- **7up** - 7up brand theme

### Theme Compilation

Themes are automatically compiled when running Storybook or build commands. The compilation script:
1. Validates theme manifests
2. Generates CSS variables from manifest data
3. Outputs `theme.css` to `dist/` directory
4. Validates component variants and hooks (if defined)

## Testing

The project uses Vitest for testing. Test configuration is in `vitest.config.js` and setup in `.storybook/vitest.setup.js`.

## Documentation

- **Product Requirements**: `PRD.md` - Product requirements document
- **Agent Specifications**: `AGENTS.md` - Automated agent specifications for theming workflow
- **Component Development Rules**: `packages/components-react/AGENTS.md` - Rules for component development (BEM, mobile-first, etc.)

## Component Development

Component development follows specific rules documented in `packages/components-react/AGENTS.md`, including:
- BEM methodology for CSS class naming
- Mobile-first responsive design
- Container usage patterns
- CMS content handling
- HTML tag styling rules

## Storybook Addons

- `@storybook/addon-docs` - Documentation
- `@storybook/addon-a11y` - Accessibility testing
- `@chromatic-com/storybook` - Visual testing
- `@storybook/addon-vitest` - Vitest integration
